diplomatic efforts to reach a ceasefire
deal between Israel and Hamas are
intensifying a Hamas delegation is in
Cairo to meet mediators from Egypt and
Qatar CIA director William Burns is also
there the Israelis have yet to send
their delegation it's not clear when
that will happen sticking points remain
as Hamas Demands a permanent end to
Israel's war on Gaza that's something
prime minister Benjamin netanyahu's
government is refusing to do the hopes
remain of a possible SE SP this was the
scene in Rafa in the south of the
[Applause]
strip Let's cross to hany mmud now who
joins us from Rafa in southern Gaza Hy
how hopeful are people there of a
ceasefire well very very cautious
anticipation and that did not happen out
of the blue there were past experiences
where people were caught in a limbo
waiting for a potential ceasefire deal
but keep it an eye on what's going on on
the ground they have to endure this
intense bombing campaign but right now
it's a a very critical juncture right
now because people they're caught in
this limo weather they they don't know
whether they're going to be packing up
and going back to their homes that they
evacuated from at the initial weeks of
the war in the northern part in Gaza
City and more recently in uh the central
area on kanun or are they going to be
parking up and evacuating somewhere else
which by itself cast many doubts on the
Israeli Narrative of evacuation zones
the past experience that we had with
evacuation zones including al- maasi at
the western part of the gosp has been
largely contradictory vague and
misleading as these evacuation Z ended
up not being safe at all people in fact
ended up being killed inside uh the
residential homes that they took as as
shelters and inside the tents that they
set up in the very particular area that
were designated a safe area right now
people are looking forward to hearing
something positive there is a general
consensus here that the bll right now is
in netanyahu's court and he has to make
a decision about whether he wants the
deal or not but the ongoing threat of
coming to rafah and expand the operation
is likely to cause further Carnage in
and already traumatized destroyed
southern part of the Gaza Strip um just
let's be clear about this that the raah
city has been relentlessly attacked
since the initial weeks of the war and
so far according to people who T we
talked to they see it the they see the
growing threats of expanding the ground
Invasion into city is more of a
distraction because Netanyahu is keeping
the world busy with this rhetoric about
coming and expanding the operation at
the same time relentlessly bombing the
entire city including the areas that Des
is a safe Zone like overnight attacks it
destroy two of the homes in the Eastern
RAF city as well as in the western part
near the tents that they set up more of
it in the central area as
well okay hany we'll leave it there
thanks very much indeed for joining
us make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al